
Disturbed195 is a game developed on the Solana blockchain. 

The game is a visual novel in which the psychological development of the characters play a central role. The 
lore is deep and entangled with references from psychology and literature, it deals with the disease of 
Disturb of Attenction (ADHD) and with the esoteric interpretations of Dante’s Commedy.

To play the game the player is required to own at least one NFT of the collection.

During the game, in the occasion of completing some specific quests, the player is rewarded with a crypto 
token. This token can be burnt to upgrade the NFT.

The NFTs are not drawn by human artists, but generated by AI through a process of Machine Learning based 
on GAN, Generative Adversarial Newtork, in which two networks compete to distinguish valid from fake 
inputs.

Upgrading the NFT will result in further rendering phases, based on an increased number of learning steps 
and higher resolution samples. 

As the characters evolve in the game, so also do their corresponding NFTs. Every time Carrie unlocks an 
esoteric meaning of the book, the player gets rewards with a crypto token, that can be burnt to upgrade the 
NFT. Upgrading the NFT will in consequence unlock a new area of the game, reflecting the higher level of 
spirituality reached by the character.

Disturbed195 NFTs are not drawn by humans artist, but generated by AI. 

The technology used is a Generative Adversiarial Netwok (GAN) developed in Python and Tensor. 
GAN is a Machine Learning process in which two newtork compete to distinguish the quality of the input 
provided at every learning step. Increasing the numbers of learning steps requires a more powerful hardware 
to run the script, and this higher computational performance can be accessed by burning the token aquired 
by completing significative quests in game.
